First of all I'm vegan so not vegan again
I didn't become vegan because I wanted to be part of the community
Within 5 seconds unnatural vegan makes me frankly realistic remarks here
A community that touched on another theme that might be notorious for
About in the past I have some on youtube
What does the video say that vegans have a community?
We talked about what it means so far we are a community
Have you ever had or will you cooperate with each other in the community
What's interesting about vegan in this video
Belonging to the community is not a goal but a concern for her
Not even I agree with her in this regard
I don't criticize her I pay attention to you
What I want you to do is the disagreement between me and unnatural vegan I am ambitious
I'm home and more greedy I want a real community
Take madd as an example.
They have at least one office / branch in each state of the United States
Eh, there are 50 states in the United States, so at least 50 offices in the United States
There is a staff at every branch and there is always
It ’s meant to be visited. It ’s something they have and we do n’t have.
Tell me now, as of 2016, drunk driving or biganism
Is more important? I think the answer is clear.
It ’s a ganism. In the past, you see, the 1980s madd is very
It may have been argued that it was an important pressure group, but as of now
What is veganism? It absolutely requires more than 50 offices nationwide.
Message I'm still a gay group
It has risen sharply since it was neglected and is very influential
I remember the time when I was still living in Toronto
Homosexuality with a number of gay offices and regular staff
I remember well after there was an office trying to protect the rights of others
There are lesbian offices and others have different politics
Something about homosexuality, even if there is an office that supports the idea
When there was a dispute, a newspaper reporter interviewed the office
Those offices that went were non-profit organizations
It was also a political organization, for example, if the police secretary hates homosexuality
Newspaper reporters give the opinions of gay and lesbian organizations and gay rights when they make bad statements
Visit their office to cover the opinions of the claiming group
And this is the real community
A real gay community like this in Toronto back then
There were districts and districts on which they were based
Building office attorney nightclub festival and all other organizations
But all cities have such a gay community
Doesn't have a number of well-controlled in Toronto
There were a number of gay communities with a voice and something
Newspaper reporters visited them as they went
If we are vegan in madd or British Columbia, Canada
The story would be different if it were on a scale like the Jews of
Jews are a tiny minority in that part of Canada
Even such people have their own facilities, friendship scholarships with group friends, and education.
Various during life from birth to death with funds
Have a community that can benefit from the community
One member goes there and participates in picnics with other members
You can meet, start fundraising, do charity, etc.
You can try activities to achieve something big change
I want to make all of them a real vegan community
I want to see that I don't want it or the community exists
There is no reason to pretend to be meaningless
Zum is just a diet, your own, and totally political
Pretending to be satisfied by saying that it will not bring results
There is no reason to do I was born as a Jew
Is now a nihilistic atheist but for my family and for me
It ’s better to go to a temple and worship and pretend to believe in Judaism.
It would be beneficial because there is a real Jewish community in Canada
There is everything from picnics to elderly homes
The Jewish community has a lifetime from picnics to private schools for the elderly
Belonging to the community through has many advantages and
It enshrines not only Judaism but also Mormonism and non-existent gods on youtube
A prayer that no one will ask unless you say it in the video above
Even those who believe in a number of crazy thoughts that only need to offer such
You can get various benefits in the community
Whenever I see an organization such as Mormon, I have a community they have
I want all of 200 for Mormon people
It ’s never been to preside over a picnic where people get together.
But that's not even enough for me to help orphans for them
Donating money and starting useful activities in the world is a trick
Not even vegan i want it
I want people to have such a community I was born
I care about my life from the cradle to the graveyard
I have a 3 year old daughter my daughter lives in Europe and i live in China
I can't meet much in any school or nursery school where my daughter is still
What kind of old-age home do I go to? Where is my grandfather and grandmother?
I'm always thinking about whether it will be taken care of by the cradle
Homosexual rights issues over time to the graveyard
It will change as you go, not long ago the gay community
Have spent days of fierce struggle but now they
Congratulates you on winning such a struggle
Of course in Canada but in countries like Saudi Arabia
It ’s a different story. It ’s still a battle for gay rights in this world.
There are many countries that have just started, but here in Canada is the world
But it was one of the first countries where same-sex marriage was allowed and related to it
There was a court battle that went on and they effectively won the battle and got the right.
The battle for veganism is still in its infancy
Where are vegan offices like where are many vegans
There is an area where people live and there is a nightclub where vegans gather
Where are the vegan homes and nurseries?
I want them all I'm basically much better than unnatural vegan
Ambitious I'm in the vegan community that many think
Not satisfied at all For me, a self-deprecating middle-aged person is good on facebook
I'm not satisfied with the community I'm sleeping with
And teenagers wear swimsuits and smartphone their ass
Take it with and post it on Instagram and say we are changing the world
I can't stand pretending to be a community
I want more can it be achieved today
No next year no maybe by the time I die
Maybe it's happening madd has grown exponentially within a few years
What percentage of Americans are interested in madd
It's a very small number. Minority It's true that the minority people support each other now.
Even though they have created a successful organization, what percentage of the population is Judaism in Canada
Do you support Judaism by donating money to temples in Japan?
I'm not sure, but it's a pretty minority
In the past I talked about Sikhism in Canada but they are only a few
I'm doing a religious movement in a sect, and when I return the theme to homosexuals
Homosexuality has nothing to do with eating habits They principle a special restaurant
I don't need it as a gay restaurant
Homosexual restaurants in Toronto
There are areas where there are no special gay foods
We vegans specialize in vegans
I need a restaurant It seems to say many times but I'm Bee
I want a cancer community From birth to death
Set up a temple-like meeting place to take care of you and hold a lawyer
Every time there is a controversy or controversy in the government
A community that has a political organization or a foundation or association that receives a call
In the future, some people will speak for vegan claims in Congress and in the newspapers.
May I want them and that
We recognize that such a community does not exist vegan
Is working hard to realize such a real community
I have to go